[charts] Add line animation (#11620)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/lines/lines.md

```

{{"demo": "CSSCustomization.js"}}

## Animation

To skip animation at the creation and update of your chart, you can use the `skipAnimation` prop.
When set to `true` it skips animation powered by `@react-spring/web`.

Charts containers already use the `useReducedMotion` from `@react-spring/web` to skip animation [according to user preferences](https://react-spring.dev/docs/utilities/use-reduced-motion#why-is-it-important).

:::warning

> If you support interactive way to add or remove series from your chart, you have to provide series' id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you support interactive ways to add or remove series from your chart, you have to provide the series' id.
```

Otherwise the chart will have no way to know if you are modifying, removing, or adding some series.

> Ths will lead to strange behaviors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will lead to strange behaviors.
```
